welcome to my kitchen I make their
samosa today samosa is much less recipes
especially for yoga first I'm making a
dough for samosa I already made it and I
I will teach you how to make the dough
okay so this is how all-purpose flour
like you want to learn how to make the
dough so we need all purpose flour put
it in a ball and then we were we need we
need then add a pinch of baking soda and
baking soda and then one teaspoon of oil
blue and then you mix it and with why a
little bit pinch of salt oh yeah and a
pinch of salt and mix it yeah really
good really good and slowly put the
water I already made the dough and just
just live it for five to ten minutes
five to ten your neck is very soft
okay Llanelli soft is very very very
soft okay I'll leave this and
lasty
and I made the but it don't suppose us
yes you only potato samosa
it depends what kind of a monster do you
wanna make if you want chicken samosas
meat samosa just boil it and little bit
measure and mix the ingredients and I
make the potato samosas very small
pieces and so I put first ingredients
when it listen carefully I'll get once I
already boiled eggs she willed it now
and they're not how to boil eggs
add water and make it really hot hahaha
and then huh okay well are you have to
make it really soft me and then in the
water you have to put a 1 teaspoon of
salt pinch of salt pinch of salt
yeah and for say I have red chilli
crushed and this is my spices look at
this
coriander leaves and green chili pepper
chop I could little bit salt coriander
powder
turning colder lived with garam masala
and this the red chili crushed okay
and I put for under leaves and green
chilli chopped green chilli paper and
after mix you have to mix it very
pattern yes
let's taste this tasty and all the
spices mixed together
I can smell my spices liters with red
chili powder if you want you could red
chili powder if you don't like it it
depends how much spice says do you wanna
quit you how much spicy you like
already
oh now it's ready now it's ready
because he come over a jump young
very little oil I have a knife and help
where you middle okay in half out
and this part like this is very
carefully became very carefully look at
this
okay just little bit push and then you
put a little bit the potato potato then
you put a little bit in it the potatoes
and then you just close it close
and there is another samosa say small
cute and nice nice and yummy yummy if
Cheri if you don't understand please
tell me again I will teach you okay one
more very carefully this part is up
see you have to be really careful very
careful and just push
and where they soft can you just put
potatoes in if you like chicken meat
even for chicken yes same ingredients
there you go you're super jelly nice
samosa your summer son's ready enjoy it
and with chutney you know how to make
chutney yeah remember okay bye